
If you want to purchase an iText license, or if have a question about sales, please fill out our our online form or mail to .
You can also mail iText Software Corp at these addresses:
For Europe, Middle-East, Asia, Africa 	For the US, Canada, South-America, Oceania
iText Software BVBA 	iText Software Corp.
Adolf Baeyensstraat 121
9040 Sint-Amandsberg (Ghent)
BELGIUM 	2150 Portola Ave., Suite D-239
Livermore, CA 94551
USA
tel: +32 478 96 58 76 	tel: +1 (650) 384-0463
fax: +32 92 70 33 75 	fax: +1 (650) 412-2486
A sales person will inform you about the different products and prices that are available.
Open source
Although iText is a free/open source software (F/OSS) project, giving you a lot of freedom and flexibility regarding the use of the iText software, 
this doesn’t mean you're free to do anything you want with the product: you have to respect the Affero General Public License.
You can be released from the requirements of the license by purchasing a commercial license from iText Software Corp.
Buying such a license is mandatory as soon as you develop commercial activities involving the iText software without disclosing the source code of your own applications.
 These activities include: offering paid services to customers as an ASP, serving PDFs on the fly in a web application, shipping iText with a closed source product.
Why buy a license?
An iText commercial license provides advantages not available with the open-source AGPL license. The specific benefits of a commercial license include:

    Indemnification in the event of IP (intellectual property) or patent infringement
    Release from the requirements of the copyleft AGPL license, which include:
        distribution of all source code including your own product, including if it is a web-based application
        licensing of your own product under the AGPL license
        prominent mention and inclusion of the iText copyright and the AGPL license
        disclosure of modifications
    Release from the requirement to not change the PDF Producer line in the generated PDF properties

Along with a commercial license, you can also purchase priority technical support
Pricing
iText Commercial licenses are sold much like other commercial software. The type of license and price depends on your application. Therefore, we need additional information 
to provide pricing. We need to know which of the following type of applications are you looking to build:

1a) iText Commercial Server Licenses
1b) iText Commercial Desktop Licenses
    For application within an organizations network to be accessed by employees of the company for generation and manipulation of PDFs. Server licenses are sold by the server
 or in virtualized environment by the VM. Desktop licenses are by quantities of desktops.
2) iText Commercial SaaS/Hosted Licenses
    For a hosted solution within an organization to be accessed by external users. Licensing is based on a known subscriber base and if there is no known universe of subscribers,
 it is based on volumes of documents generated.
3a) iText Commercial Server OEM Licenses
3b) iText Commercial Desktop OEM Licenses
    For ISVs who wish to include the iText library within their applications and wish royalty-free distribution of licenses. The license is based on volume categories of licenses to be distributed.
4a) iText for Android: consumer apps
4b) iText for Android: business apps
4c) iText for Android: developer
    For Android smart phones and tabletPCs, we have a version of iText with reduced file size and functionality that works on Android.
iText is available as a Java and .NET library.
    Please indicate which version you are interested in.
So, we need to know which category you are (1a, 1b, 2 or 3a, 3b) and within that category the additional information required, including which library version, to provide a price to you. Optionally,
 but it would be helpful, is for you to provide a general description of your application or product.
 
Trademark
iText is a registered Trademark of 1T3XT BVBA.
United States Patent and Trademark Office Reg. No. 3,918,709;
registered Feb. 15, 2011; Int. Cl.: 9;
first use 2-15-2000; in commerce 2-14-2000.
serial No. 77-910,731; filed 1-13-2010.
