Terms And Conditions

If you do not agree to these terms and conditions then you may not install, use, or distribute RapidSpell Web.
1. License and Ownership RapidSpell Web is a licensed software product. RapidSpell Web, including its accompanying files and documentation, is owned and copyrighted by Keyoti Inc., © Copyright 2003-2010, all rights reserved. Keyoti Inc. grants the user in possession of an official receipt of purchase a nonexclusive license to download and use the software, for any lawful commercial or non-commercial purposes provided the terms of this agreement are met. 

2. Distribution. If you purchased a One Developer License Version then you may copy and use the RapidSpell Web distribution file (.zip) on any systems you use but for your development use only.  If you purchased a multi developer license version then the number of developers specified in the license type are afforded the rights of a One Developer License. Development use is defined as one person having the ability to read or copy any of the files originally contained in the RapidSpell distribution file including (but not limited to) the .jar, .java, .html, .gif, .jpg, .bat, and .txt files. You must take appropriate safeguards to protect this product from unauthorized access by others. 
If you purchased a Site License Version of RapidSpell Web, then you may provide copies of the RapidSpell Web distribution file (.zip) to anyone employed by your company whose primary work address is within a 100 mile (160 km) radius of your primary work address. If you purchased an Enterprise License Version then you have the same rights as the Site License with, however, no geographical or numerical restrictions on the locations to which you may provide copies of the RapidSpell Web distribution file. These individuals then have license rights and responsibilities equivalent to the Developer License Version. 
In all cases the copies of the RapidSpell Web distribution file (.zip) must be unaltered and complete, including this license agreement and all copyright notices.
Evaluation version must not be re-distributed in any form.
You may not reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or modify this software or its accompanying documentation in any way. 
If you purchased an OEM License, then you may reproduce and redistribute a copy of the jar files as part of any Java based software developed and licensed by you that itself uses RapidSpell Web provided 
a) your software is installed on no more web-site domains or servers than specified by the license type purchased,
b) your software has clearly distinct and added functionality, 
c) you are responsible for all technical support, 
d) the RapidSpell Web application programming interfaces are not documented, exposed, or otherwise made available by your software, 
e) attribution is given to Keyoti Inc. (http://www.keyoti.com) in any documentation or screen displays where other credits appear,
f) you do not allow recipients of your software to reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or copy portions from your software allowing them to gain separate access to RapidSpell Web or any parts of it. 
The source code samples included with this package and in the RapidSpell Web documentation may be freely used, modified, incorporated, and distributed without restriction as part of any software that uses RapidSpell Web itself,
g) your software is not used by software or web developers as part of their application, and
h) your software is not a software component or JSP Tag.

3. Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability. RapidSpell Web is licensed to the user on an "AS IS" basis. Keyoti Inc. MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS ASSOCIATED FILES AND DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. KEYOTI INC. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THIS SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. You the user are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of this software for your use and accept full responsibility for all risks associated with its use. Keyoti Inc. is not and will not be liable for any direct, indirect, special or incidental damages in any amount including loss of profits or interruption of business however caused, even if Keyoti Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Keyoti Inc. retains the right to, in its sole discretion, refund the purchase price of this software as a complete and final resolution to any dispute. 
SPECIFIC DISCLAIMER FOR HIGH-RISK ACTIVITIES.
The SOFTWARE is not designed or intended for use in high-risk activities including, without restricting the generality of the foregoing, on-line control of aircraft, air traffic, aircraft navigation or aircraft communications; or in the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility. Keyoti Inc. and its suppliers specifically disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for such purposes or any other purposes.
NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, in no event shall Keyoti Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever (including without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this Keyoti Inc. product, even if Keyoti Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some states and jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.

4. Support and Source Code Licensing. Keyoti Inc. does provide formal customer support contracts for RapidSpell Web. We also make every effort to ensure the quality of our products, and questions, bug reports, and feature requests are encouraged, please use email. Due to resource limitations, it may not be possible to resolve all issues and no assurances can be given as to when or if problems will be addressed. Customers incorporating RapidSpell Web into software for deployment or sale are encouraged to purchase the Source Code License Version of RapidSpell Web which will enable self-support, debugging, and modifications or extensions to the base functionality (but not distribution of the source code itself).
